## Die and dices...

### I have been used with reading books that enabled an interactive immersion through a "playable" story. Your character has initial capabilities and shall become much more able through particulars moments and your particular way to achieve chapters with a randomly die playing with the hazard. There is no particular order to achieve your story. A simple chapter can make your story ending, an another one for getting a new artifact; meeting friendly personage or an enemy. You should learn with friends but you should fight against enemies. Paragraph after paragraphs you will make your personal story in a pre combined possibilities that you aim with a die. Reading somehow becomes a "playable" challenge, against yourself : no real enemy challenging yourself like a "one to one" with a single reverse and obverse card.

### however...
### This lonely Wolf as a player has the liberty to choice while acting in some particular paths since the beginning. This is related to R.P.G. where we create an initial character as a the player ; Performances and skills will increase while "playing" the story, making choices and combating like "<i>war games</i>". These took place in the past with the AD&D...

### Your choices making the difference between game books and interactive video-games : from cards to dices, to "intelligentsia" related with choices you can make within the context ; somehow your are mirrored with the responding environment, like shades with lights as radiosity.